## Title: UnitPowerDisplayMod

**Content:**
Needs summary.
`displayMod = UnitPowerDisplayMod(powerType)`

**Parameters:**
- `powerType`
  - *Enum.PowerType*
    - **Value**
    - **Field**
    - **Description**
      - `-2`
        - *HealthCost*
      - `-1`
        - *None*
      - `0`
        - *Mana*
          - Mana will range from 0 to the maximum mana a unit has. Player mana pools are of a fixed size for all specializations except Arcane Mages, whose mastery increases their maximum mana. Players naturally regenerate mana at a constant rate dependent on their specialization, both in and out of combat, and some abilities and effects can directly generate mana. This is the default power type for most non-player units, although there are exceptions.
      - `1`
        - *Rage*
          - Rage is used by Warriors and Druids in bear form. Rage ranges from 0 to 100, but may be increased via player talents. Rage is generated by abilities and, for some specializations, taking damage or dealing damage with auto-attacks. Rage will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `2`
        - *Focus*
          - Focus is used by Hunters and their pets. Focus ranges from 0 to 100, though this can be increased by spec passives. It has a relatively slow passive regeneration rate, but certain abilities will generate focus directly.
      - `3`
        - *Energy*
          - Energy is used by Rogues, Monks, and Druids in cat form. Energy ranges from 0 to 100, but may be increased via player talents and spec passives. Energy regenerates rapidly.
      - `4`
        - *ComboPoints*
          - Combo Points are used by Rogues and Druids in cat form. Combo Points range from 0 to 5, but can be increased up to 6 by the Rogue talent or to 10 by the Rogue talent. Combo Points are generated by abilities, talents, and passives, and are consumed by Finishing Moves to increase their potency. Combo Points will decay to 0 while out of combat. This value was previously used for hunter pets' happiness, which was deprecated in Cataclysm.
      - `5`
        - *Runes*
          - Runes are used as a power type for Death Knights. Deathknights have 6 runes available. As of , Deathknights no longer have different types of runes, and instead all 6 runes can be used for any ability which consumes them. Up to 3 runes can be regenerating at a time, with the other 3, if depleted, effectively having a recharge time of up to twice the normal rune recharge time. Rune recharge rate can be accelerated through , or runes can be instantly activated by or , as well as a number of talents and set bonuses.
      - `6`
        - *RunicPower*
          - Runic Power is used by Death Knights. Runic Power ranges from 0 to 100, though it can be increased by talents and set bonuses. It is gained by spending runes on abilities, or directly by certain abilities, talents, and passive effects. Runic Power is spent on a limited set of damaging abilities, many of which help regenerate additional runes. Runic Power will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `7`
        - *SoulShards*
          - are collected by Warlocks, and range from 0 to 5, represented the number of filled Soul Shards. As of , this resources is now used by all 3 Warlock specializations. Soul Shards will naturally regenerate or decay as needed while out of combat until they reach 3 out of 5 filled. As of Patch 7.2.5, if the "unmodified" boolean argument to UnitPower is provided, the values returned for Soul Shards will range instead from 0 to 50, with each 10 representing a filled Soul Shard. This is to account for the ability of Warlock_talents#Destruction warlocks to generate fractional Soul Shards in increments of 1/10th, similar to how Burning Embers functioned in prior expansions.
      - `8`
        - *LunarPower*
          - Astral Power is used by Druids in moonkin form. Astral power goes from 0 to 100. Astral power will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `9`
        - *HolyPower*
          - Holy Power is used by Retribution Paladins. Holy Power ranges from 0 to 5, and will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `10`
        - *Alternate*
          - New power type since Cataclysm. Known uses: sound level on Atramedes, corruption level on Cho'gall, consumption level while in Iso'rath.
      - `11`
        - *Maelstrom*
          - The new Shaman resource in Legion, used by both Enhancement and Elemental shamans. Maelstrom ranges from 0 to 100 for Elemental and 0 to 150 for Enhancement, though it can be increased by talents and artifact traits. Maelstrom will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `12`
        - *Chi*
          - Chi is used by Windwalker Monks. Chi ranges from 0 to 5, and will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `13`
        - *Insanity*
          - Insanity is used by Shadow Priests. Insanity is generated by most Shadow Priest abilities, and will be consumed at an ever-increasing rate while the priest is in , until it reaches 0 and the priest leaves Voidform (or dies horribly if is active). Insanity will decay to 0 while out of combat even if the priests is not in .
      - `14`
        - *Obsolete*
          - Burning Embers were used by Destruction Warlocks prior to , which consolidated all warlock specs to use . Value returned would range from 1 to 3 (4 with , representing number of completely filled Burning Embers. If a third argument "true" is included with UnitPower or UnitPowerMax, the value would instead range from 0 to 30 (40 with ), representing the individual segments in each Ember. Each Ember had 10 segments, and most effects that generate Embers generate 1 segment per effect (for example, a cast of Incinerate generates one segment, so 10 casts generates a full Ember). As of , this power type is now obsolete.
      - `15`
        - *Obsolete2*
          - was used by Demonology Warlocks prior to , which consolidated all warlock specs to use . Value returned would range from 0 to 1000. As of , this power type is now obsolete.
      - `16`
        - *ArcaneCharges*
          - Arcane Mage resource. Arcane Charges range from 0 to 5. They are generated by casting and , and consumed by , though a number of abilities benefit from having charges without consuming them. Arcane Charges will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `17`
        - *Fury*
          - Havoc Demon Hunter. Fury is generated by , as well as a number of talents, and consumed by most Havoc abilities. Fury ranges from 0 to 100, though artifact traits can increase this to up to 170. Fury will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `18`
        - *Pain*
          - Vengeance Demon Hunter. Pain is generated by several Vengeance abilities (ex. , ), and consumed by several others (ex. , ), predominantly for defensive purposes. A small amount of Pain is also generated when the Demon Hunter takes damage. Pain ranges from 0 to 100, and will decay to 0 while out of combat.
      - `19`
        - *Essence*
          - Essence is used by Evokers. It ranges from 0 to 6, and will regenerate passively over time.
      - `20`
        - *RuneBlood*
          - Added in 10.0.0
      - `21`
        - *RuneFrost*
          - Added in 10.0.0
      - `22`
        - *RuneUnholy*
          - Added in 10.0.0
      - `23`
        - *AlternateQuest*
          - Added in 10.1.0
      - `24`
        - *AlternateEncounter*
          - Added in 10.1.0
      - `25`
        - *AlternateMount*
          - is used for Dragonriding. It ranges from 0 to a variable maximum of 3-6, depending on dragon traits, and regenerates slowly while grounded, or from effects while flying.
      - `26`
        - *NumPowerTypes*

**Returns:**
- `displayMod`
  - *number*